MM.MySQL 2.0.3
Mark Matthews JDBC Driver for MySQL
Copyright (c) 1998-1999 Mark Matthews

CONTENT
* License
* System Requirements
* Introduction
* Usage
* Known Bugs
* Support

LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Library General Public License for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,
Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.

See the COPYING file located in the top-level-directory of
the archive of this library for complete text of license.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
 
* Any Java virtual machine supporting JDBC-1.2 or JDBC-2.0 (JDK-1.1 or higher)
* Any MySQL server supporting version 9 or 10 of the MySQL protocol

Because MySQL is not fully ANSI SQL-92 compliant, it is not possible to 
create a fully JDBC-compliant driver for MySQL.  However, this driver 
strives to implement as much of the JDBC API as is feasible.

INTRODUCTION

This version of the MM.MySQL driver is a beta release. BETA means that 
while there are no known show-stopping bugs, the features of this driver
are still immature enough to cause the end-user to be exposed to some
level of risk when using the driver. You should only use BETA versions
of MM.MySQL if you are comfortable with the inherent risk involved with
using a BETA product.

MM.MySQL is an implemntation of the JDBC API for the MySQL relational
database server. It strives to conform as much as possible to the API
as specified by JavaSoft. It is known to work with many third-party 
products, including Borland JBuilder, IBM Visual Age for Java, SQL/J,
the Locomotive and Symantec Visual Cafe.

USAGE AND INSTALLATION

More detailed documentation is available in the doc/ directory, but the
short version is as follows:

You have one of two choices, copy the org subdirectory and all of it's contents
to anywhere you like, and put the directory holding the org subdirectory
in your classpath, or...

Put either the mysql_1_comp.jar, mysql_1_uncomp.jar, mysql_2_comp.jar, 
mysql_2_uncomp.jar, mysql_both_comp.jar or mysql_both_uncomp.jar in 
your classpath.

The jar-file naming convention is mysql_(jdbc verion)_compressesed/uncompressed.

You will have to figure out what JDBC version your JDK is using, and whether or not it is happy reading compressed jar files.

Note that the JAR file instructions here are the ones you need to use, not
the ones in the "doc" subdirectory. These directions will probably change as
I find out how well the various JVMs deal with the different jar files.

KNOWN BUGS

There are many parts of the JDBC-2.0 spec that are not implemented (yet). 

The big one is positioned update, which is coming, but first I want to deal
with class-loading and applet issues with the new driver setup before I 
tackle that problem.

If you see something that is not implemented, and you have an idea on how to
do it, go ahead and let me know. I'm always looking for help and/or feedback
about the driver.

SUPPORT

Is available on the mysql-java mailing list available from www.mysql.com, or
through e-mail to me <mmatthew@thematthews.org>. I can't guarantee that I 
will get right back to you, but I've got a pretty good turn-around-time
on MM.MySQL problem e-mails.

--
This software is OSI Certified Open Source Software.
OSI Certified is a certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.
